If you have a spouse, a husband or wife, or even another boyfriend or
girlfriend who you are very close to doesn't really understand the requirements
of the navy, I would suggest that the military person present
them with some of the support that the military provides. You
have MWR, Morale Recreation and Welfare that can show the spouse or
significant other, number one, ways that they can divert themselves.
If your, let's say husband is out in the ocean you could find yourself
very bored, you can find yourself wanting to be around them, to
call them all the time. So MWR can show you how to like mingle with
other military people, with other military spouses, with other people
in the community to kinda like take your mind off  ofthem. They can
also provide them with legal support if they're running into some
problems while the the husband or wife is away. So as long as the military
person shows the spouse all of the support, then they shouldn't,
they can overcome their problems.